? When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

If you are working on a project with multiple members, especially if you are all working
in different locations. 
Also if you tend to work from multiple computers.
Another reason is if you want to share your work publically.
Also just as a backup periodically if your computer dies, or something else major happens.


? Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

During collaboration, someone might push changes that break your code, so being able to manually say where you are at any time in relation to where
everything else is is important.


? Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Branches can exist locally or remotely. They let you develop your code base concurrently. That is have multiple
versions of your code existing at the same time.
Clones are a copy of a repository. You can clone something locally or from a remote.
Forks are special clones of repositorys from one GitHub to another GitHub, they have some special feature, like
point back to the original.


? What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

So you can compare your changes against it.


? How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

By sharing files back and forth. Adding changes to the same thing at similar times would be very time consuming
looking through the changes and manually adding things. Also, I see the possibility of bugs being easier to introduce
using this method. I think I would prefer collaborating with some other form of version control. I don't really think
anything would be easier except for the time needed to learn how to use Git.


?When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

Making changes in separate branches is especially useful in a collaborative environment. This way you can work on a feature until
it's complete and then request to have that change put into master. However if you are working by yourself and just incrementing your
project along, it would be more simple to just use the master branch as you go.


?